PAUL LEWIS: Hey,
look, so I just wanted
to record a final
video on this media
PWA to say thank you for coming
along on this journey with me.
When I think about
where I started,
it was that I knew
nothing about media,
and I know enough
now to be dangerous
and have hopefully taught
you to do the same.
OK, that didn't sound
quite like I intended.
Nonetheless, thank you very
much for coming on this journey,
and let's think about
kind of what's in here.
What did we cover?
We covered service worker,
caches, dash and MSE, HLS,
background fetch, intersection
observers, readable streams,
media session API, IDB, full
screen, orientation lock,
and device orientation and
just general PWA goodness.
So if you've not
caught the videos,
definitely go back
and watch those.
Definitely check
out the source code.
Have a read through,
all that stuff.
Ask your questions below.
I do read them, and I
really enjoy the chat
that we can have
about all this stuff.
But hopefully,
it's also inspired
you to maybe go and
try something new
that you've not tried before.
It's a great
opportunity, if you can,
to discover a brand new part of
the web and just give it a go.
So with that, I want
to say thank you again
and I will catch you--
whatever I end up next--
hang on, hang on.
Got to say this right.
Whatever I end up
building next--
that's what I meant to say--
I will catch you when I do that.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Hey, folks, thanks for watching.
Don't forget that
there is more content
that you can find
kind of over here-ish
and if you want to subscribe,
there's probably a button,
I don't know, maybe there,
maybe somewhere around there.
Click that if you've
not done that.
Brilliant!